hello and welcome to code versus code
the series which compares the same
weapon from every Call of Duty game it's
been in to find out which version is the
most deadly in this episode we cover a
Peruvian prototype that features in
modern warfare 3 and ghosts the gun of
course is the family
the fat first entered production in 2008
with less than 200 units in total being
produced the weapon is still very much
in the trial phase it's unusual bullpup
configuration was intended to provide a
lighter and more compact solution to
conventional assault rifles at its core
the feds design is focused on economy
for example the magazine enters the body
at an angle which is supposed to improve
reload speeds the faz design also
incorporates a 40-millimeter grenade
launcher which can be seen in game when
equipping the grenade launcher
attachment unlike the real world weapon
which has a relatively slow rate of fire
of only 550 rounds per minute
both in-game versions are known for
their ability to rapidly dispense lead
damage across both weapons are
statistically pretty even though
crucially the slight numerical advantage
and ghosts means that it will kill in
one less shot to counter its low damage
the gun from modern warfare 3 has a 1.7
times headshot multiplier while this
isn't a huge advantage it does create
the possibility of killing in less shots
in both games the fat is the fastest
firing gun in class however the gun from
modern warfare 3 fires roughly 10%
faster than the gun from ghosts the feds
first appearance in the Call of Duty
franchise is in modern warfare 3
available at level 78 it's the final gun
unlocked in the assault rifle category
sharing statistics of both the SMGs and
assault rifles the Fed is an unusual
weapon it has the lowest damage in class
and the second lowest damage in game
with only the Scorpion dealing less
damage up close on the up side it has
the largest magazine capacity and the
highest rate of fire in class it also
has one of the fastest fire rate so
overall at 1,000 rounds per minute there
are plenty of attachments to choose from
in modern warfare 3 but only a couple
that are worthwhile on the fad it may
have the largest magazine in class but
it also has the fastest rate of fire and
the slowest reload time at 3.5 seconds
extended mags is therefore an excellent
choice pay this with sleight of hand and
running low on ammo shouldn't be a
problem given that the Fed will need 4
to 5 shots to kill equipping the
silencer can be very beneficial as it
will have a minimal effect on range the
silencer also has the added benefit of
reducing muzzle flash which makes the
ions much more usable on the topic of
iron sights the feds ions are not the
cleanest in class so you may want to
equip an optics such as a red dot
the fat at model Warfare 3 is unlike any
other weapon in the game it requires a
playstyle that caters to its strengths
to be effective and as a result can be a
very challenging gun to do well with
making a return to Call of Duty after
his absence in black ops 2 the Fed once
again appears as part of the assault
rifle category although reasonably
similar in performance characteristics
the weapons core figures have been
tweaked since modern warfare 3 most
notably the fad will now kill in three
shots up close and four at a distance
this is on par with many of the other
assault rifles and makes the weapon much
more potent up close like in modern
warfare 3 not all the attachments are
suited to use with the fad of particular
note this time round is the silencer
while stealth can be advantageous in a
game so heavily dependent on sound the
reduction to the 3 shot kill range by
equipping this attachment outweighs any
benefits gained the Fadden ghost has the
second highest recoil of all the assault
rifles the foregrip then is an obvious
choice as will improve the weapons
performance at mid range long range
engagements however are still not the
fed's 14 and best left to other guns in
the category the irons haven't changed
dramatically since modern warfare 3 and
although not the easiest to use they are
functional it's hard to recommend
spending one of your attachment slots on
an optic seeing as there are other
attachments that provide more obvious
advantages given that the gun has the
shortest three shot kill range of all
the assault rifles the muzzle break is a
solid choice this will extend your reach
by 20% and mitigates one of the feds
biggest weaknesses overall the Fadden
ghost remains an unusual weapon sitting
somewhere between the SMG & assault
rifle categories it can be quite
flexible and effective on a variety of
map sizes the larger Maps and ghosts
definitely presents some issues with
long range gunfights but the weapon can
be competitive within the short sight
lines visually the two gun models are
pretty similar and both models have a
comparable level of detail my preference
lies with the slightly more chunky gun
model from what a warfare 3 but to be
perfectly honest this gun hasn't ever
had much visual appeal for me in the
audio department generally the gun
noises from ghosts Trump those found in
modern warfare 3 but in this case the
gun noise from one or more v 3 is my
favorite out of the two so which one is
the winner
it's the fad from call of duty ghosts'
despite having higher recoil the gun
from ghost is much more flexible proving
to be more effective in a wider variety
of situations
the gun from what a warfare 3 is a
difficult gun to use in the right
conditions that can be effective but
unfortunately these come too and
frequently for any kind of consistency
as usual if you feel differently about
the winner be sure to let me know and if
you have a suggestion for this series or
a question in general feel free to hit
me up in the comment section anyway I
want to thank you guys for watching I
hope you enjoyed the video and I'll
catch you later